Map Name: Hammer & Sickle
Players: 4
Made by: Bambi32	



This is a remake of the classic Red Alert 2 map, Hammer & Sickle. The layout has been slightly 
changed to balance each start position. 




Gameplay design:
The most challenging part is to fully balance a asymmetrical map like Hammer & Sickle. This fact
leads to a slightly change of the layout. 

For example the north-western starting position orginally had an disadvantage towards the other
starting positions. It had to many and wide entrances. So the entrance to the plateau has been 
moved more south to the center. So basecally one entrance was removed by this change.

The upper bridges arent destroyable to denie a huge advantage for the starting position on the 
island.

1 more entrance has been added to the 2 starting positions in the south and to the upper center
plateau.

Some hills at the beachside of the starting position on the island and in the north of
the centerplateau have been added to provide more protection.

The center offers a vehicle repairing station and a observation outpost, giving you the view 
of all attack routes on land.

You can play this map north vs south and east vs west. And I recommend to play it FFA as each
player position is unique but still balanced.




Economy design:
Allthough this map is a very asymmetrical map it provides a well balanced and to the map adapted
economy design.
It holds 20 orenodes like normal 4 player maps but also 16 oilderricks, which have a armor 
increase to 3500 hp. Oilderricks have an important role on this map, because the map will offer 
long battles, due to well protectable base areas. And after a long battle the most orenodes will 
be empty and unnessecary to protect. So the economy design of this map will use a strategic 
expansion point system. Each of the 12 expansion points will offer 1 oilderrick and 1 orenode.

Economy design in detail:
The starting position offers 2 orenodes and 2 oil derricks. The nearest expansion point of each 
starting position is placed at a well protectable area.
Moreover there is a second expansion point for each player more in the center of the map.
These are more difficult to protect and are designed for late game, when the orenodes at the
starting positions are empty.
The water area holds 4 expansion points and each is placed between 2 starting positions, to 
support a more king of the hill like gameplay to this water area.

